Candidate 12341902

Summary
I joined the Ministry of Education in 1982 and was posted at the R.M.Bailey Senior High School where I remained for seventeen and a half wonderful years. I served as Head of the Guidance Department from 1991 to 1999 until my redeployment to Special Services Section to oversee the Guidance & Counseling Unit upon the retirement of the former officer. I enjoyed my experience at R.M.Baily and have had the pleasure of working with and assisting students even after my departure from the school, I am still counseling many of them and their children today. I have had the opportunity of supervising the Guidance & Counseling Unit over the past sixteen years and watched it grow from forty- two (42) counselors in 1999 to one hundred and thirty two (132) in 2015, posted in ninety-four schools on fourteen islands and cays throughout the country. During my leadership, we collaborated with the College of The Bahamas and Kent State University and established a Master's of Education Degree Program in School Counseling from 2001 to 2011. Eighty- nine (89) persons obtained the Masters Degree, and the unit has the largest amount of employees with this Degree in the Ministry of Education. I realized in order for the unit to move forward, ongoing training was a requirement for all officers, which kept them informed about the latest techniques and strengthened areas of concern. We also established a crisis team that assists with grief and disaster counseling. The needs of students were being met but those of the employees were not and after visiting the school district in Dallas Texas, I learned about the Employee Assistance Program, and implemented it at the Ministry of Education on a smaller scale. This proved to be very successful but the need for expansion was necessary. Upon the retirement of Mrs. Pansy Hamilton Brown, Iris Strachan, and Clevette Gibson took the reins and took EAP to the next level. The demands on the officers made me realize that the service needed to be made available to all government employees and the idea to expand the service was decided. I enjoyed my role as Senior Education Officer and if given the opportunity would like to be a part of taking EAP to the next level.

Skills
Experienced in individual and group counseling, Sound knowledge of Erik Erikson developmental stages from birth to death, outstanding planning and organizational skills, Exceptional communication skills and outstanding leadership qualities, Flexible, enthusiastic and enjoys working with people, Solution focus, Unique knack in identifying and improving counselors and clients potential, Skilled in MS Office and researching on the Internet, effective listener and Critical thinker skills, Outstanding interpersonal and rapport building skills., Skilled in collecting and compiling information through interaction with colleagues, parents and students, Brief Counseling, Resistance and Prevention Program (RAPP) certified trainer, Group and Individual counseling.

Experience
Education Officer & Senior Education Officer Guidance & Counseling Unit, Redacted Company, 1999-2015
- Supervise Guidance Counselors in the Government School system.
- The Guidance Counseling Unit continues the effort to assist counselors across the Bahamas, to develop well-balanced and comprehensive programs in order to meet the academic, developmental/person and social needs of students.

School Counselor, Redacted Company, 1982-1999

Office Clerk, Redacted Company, 1975-1977

Education
Masters of Science in Guidance Counseling, Long Island University, 1985

Bachelors in Psychology, Bethune Cookman College, 1980

High School Diploma, St. Johns College, 1975
