Candidate 39855211

Summary
Engineering Technician specializing in quality control sector. Analytical thinker skilled collecting data and executing product testing procedures with precision and ease. Results-driven and focused Engineering Technician successful at prioritizing safety, promoting cost-effective solutions and exceeding customer expectations. Determined Maintenance Worker with skills performing routine operation checks on work equipment and always exercising safety measures to limit injuries. Hardworking employee with over years of carrying out oral and written instructions effectively and efficiently. Uses constructive criticism to improve skills and job performance. Safety-minded Maintenance Worker tasked with troubleshooting, general plumbing and minor electrical work. Enthusiastic professional promoting excellent attendance record and willing to assist team members in completing assigned tasks. Organized and dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities while maintaining a strong work ethic and exhibiting a positive attitude. Willingness to take on added responsibilities to meet team goals. Friendly student available for weekend, evening andholiday shifts. Considered hardworking, punctual and driven. To seek and maintain a full-time position that offers professional challenges utilizing interpersonal skills, excellent time management and problem-solving skills. Dedicated Customer Service professional with knowledge of service delivery and proven multitasking abilities. Committed to maintaining professional relationships to increase profitability and drive business results. Customer Service Representative bringing top-notch skills in oral and written communication, active listening and analytical problem-solving skills. Enhances customer experiences by employing service-oriented behaviors, understanding customer desires and providing customized solutions to build loyalty.

Skills
Installation, Strong leader/team leader, Customer service, Cash handling, Self starter, Excellent communication skills, Power and hand tools, Willing to learn, Repair Work Planning, Groundskeeping and Landscaping, Handheld Computers, Pressure Washing, Safety Monitoring and Compliance, Mechanical Repair, Critical Thinking, Facilities Painting and Repair, Heavy Object Lifting, Troubleshooting and Diagnostics
