Candidate 22983516

Summary
Hello there,I'm Xavier Thomas all detail-oriented Laborer equipped with expert knowledge of cleaning equipment, products and techniques. Focuses on completing all tasks quickly and with high quality standards in mind. I Mr.Xavier Thomas is a daptable and friendly hard dedicated worker and team player with comprehensive background in crisis communications and media relations management. Analytical and efficient in tash handling an completing assignments. Highly-motivated community service professional skilled at networking, media. Motivated my philantrapy called A.S.S.I.F with non-profit marketing and advertising background and advanced knowledge of B2B marketing, negotiations and branding. outreach and relationship development. Flexible and versatile team player who maintains a sense of humor under pressure.Im very d ependable and hard-working laborer with more than 3years in the construction industry. Thrives in a fast-paced environment and works to complete projects quickly and efficiently.I m salesman with extensive knowledge of the fashion and cosmetic industries. Energetic, outgoing and driven to reach company goals. Im hands on,hard working,honest,Full of energy,easy going with a great sense of humor,respectable upright man who's all for the success an bettering the company an my coworkers for the whole collective. Physically fit Laborer effective at completing difficult projects and tasks on schedule. Consistently follows through with all orders and instructions. Works well in a team setting. Skilled Laborer who thrives independently or as a team member. Proactive in creating a safe and productive environment.

Skills
Highly responsible and reliable, Works well under pressure, Safety-oriented, Concierge duties, Strong communicator Exceptional interpersonal skills, FDA food guidelines awareness, Arts and crafts, Team building, Poised, Organized, Detail-oriented, Meticulous attention to detail, Conflict resolution techniques, Marketing savvy, Dedicated to process improvement, Fluent in English, Communicates effectively, Driven, Charismatic, Adaptable and flexible, Process development, Excellent verbal communication, Sales proficiency

Experience
Laboer Floor Construction Worker (all a round), Redacted Company, 2015-2016
- Cleaned all construction areas to avoid hazards. Assisted skilled workers with construction projects in all phases of rough and finish carpentry. Extensively trained in plumbing, carpentry, painting, plastering, machine servicing and installation. Built and disassembled scaffolds, bracing and barricades.

Teacher & Speacial skill development coach, Redacted Company, 2015-2016
- Attended workshops on learning goals, classroom management, student motivation and engaging learning activities. Determined the training needs of each student through academic assessments. Clearly communicated objectives for all lessons, units and projects to students. Developed partnerships with industry and secondary education institutions. Promoted good behaviors by using the positive reinforcement method. Created and implemented developmentally-appropriate curriculum that addressed all learning styles. Conducted small group and individual classroom activities based on differentiated learning needs. Helped prepare daily lesson plans for activities and lessons. Encouraged students to be understanding of and helpful to others. Physically and verbally interacted with students throughout the day to keep them engaged.Also I'm a fast learner strong fit in shape young man easy going great spirit who loves to work an uplifting, problem solving,task accomplishing, at work ahead of time team player following all rules becoming a better man daily.A great asset an worker/employee following the guild lines to success.

Musician Artist Poet Creator Mentor(2003 an present), Redacted Company, 2003-Present
- Adapted to the established art style of the studio for consistency and quality purposes. Critiqued other artists' work and gave constructive feedback. Worked alongside the entire development team in an energetic and creative environment. Created a series of rough sketches for review, revision and approval. Produced imaginative illustrations in an efficient and timely manner. Clearly communicated updates and concerns to the appropriate team members and managers. Successfully resolved a range of complex artistic development issues for both artists and team members.

Education
Keneseology an Business, AntelopeValley Community College, 2020, Coursework in Nutrition, Psychology and Communications 3.00 GPA Coursework in Keneseology Coursework in Warehouse Operations Transportation Business Specialized in Sanitation an heavy Equipment operating Coursework in Travel and Tourism Hair treatment training Sanitation training Emphasis in being an advanced Learner Communications, English and Journalism coursework Coursework in Buisness Relationships an Mangement Emphasis in people skills Coursework in Environmental Science and Biology Coursework in Communications and Psychology anitation Coursework in Communication and Theater Arts Graduated in 2012 from Oklahomacity,Oklahoma Continuing school next semester furthering my education

High School Diploma
