Candidate 15564893

Summary
Hardworking and Experienced Construction Worker who is dependable, reliable and knowledgeable about the tools, materials and methods used in construction.Motivated to get along well with others and exceed expectations. With three years of experience in the carpentry trade and construction.

Skills
Residential construction, Leadership, Exceptional problem solver, Sandbagging, Excellent driving record, Strong communication skills, Friendly and hardworking, Detail-oriented, Academic, Arabic, carpentry, English, Presentation Skills, Spanish

Experience
Construction helper, Redacted Company, 2008-2010
- Extensively trained in carpentry, painting, plastering, machine servicing and installation.
- Cleaned all construction areas to avoid hazards.
- Removed old roofing materials in an efficient manner.Installed and repaired roofs, flashings and surfaces.
- Completed indoor and outdoor residential and commercial construction projects.Swept and cleaned roofs to prepare them for the application of new roofing materials.Applied paint to unfinished edges of plastic panels using a hand roller.Arranged and stored materials, machines, tools and equipment.Cut materials to specified sizes for installation using power saws and tile cutters.Transported materials, tools and machines to installation sites.Worked with tools such as pruning saws, hedge and brush trimmers and axes.

Carpenter Helper, Redacted Company, 2007-2007
- Installed cabinets, base cabinets and crown molding.Built and stained oak casing and hardwood floors.Constructed custom built-in bookshelves for residential home office areas.Set windows and layouts for stairs and common rafters.Ordered materials and made material stock recommendations.

Education
General English course, Leeds University, UK. * December 2009-January 2010: Computer course, Al-Azhar University., September 2010

B.A in Religions, Al, Azhar University, May 2011, Religions, Al Dawah and Islamic Culture - Grade: Very Good, the second top student in the section.

General English course, Western Michigan University. USA. August 2013: Academic English course, Colorado State University. USA January 2013: A course in American literature, the American embassy in Cairo. February 2013: Academic Writing course, AMIDEAST in Cairo. June 2012: English for Islamic purposes, the American University, December 2013

General English course, AMIDEAST in Cairo. *October 2009-June 2011: General English Course, Al-Azhar English Training Center. * September 2011: Democracy dialogue course, Al-Azhar English Training Center., December 2012

Presentation Skills course, Al-Azhar English Training Center., August 2011
