Candidate 22025574

Summary
Extensive experience in LTAC Marketing in a hospital setting. Ability to build strong rapport with physicians, patient's families, case managers and health care community. Managed and lead team of clinical, admissions and marketing liaisons and efficiently communicated patients' needs to clinical staff. Expert in planning and executing marketing strategies to build relationships in new territories and increased referral sources. Track record of consistent growth in census of hospital through demonstrating strong professional relationships with referral sources and turn potential referrals into admissions. Self driven and innovative with a strong desire to compete with other LTACHs to increase hospital census. High recommendations by leading physicians based on performance and work ethics.

Skills
Excellent interpersonal communication skills with the ability to keep professionalism., Confident public speaker., Highly motivated marketer., Patient care oriented, increasing and securing walk-in tours for patients' families and catering to their needs., Cultural awareness and sensitivity towards patients and physicians., Trained by physicians and nurses to evaluate patients' charts and make recommendations for LTAC based on diagnoses., Proven ability to manage marketing team and yielding results., Strategically develops marketing plans., Track record of financial management by efficiently using budgets to organize networking events, company functions and annual galas., Effectively influences team members by showing motivation and drive to perform., Understands and explains the continuum of care model to patient families., Clinical knowledge in identifying LTAC patients with proper diagnoses and treatments., Networking, Health Care, Patient Evaluation, Medicare Structure, Sales and Marketing, Personal Communication, Extensive Knowledge of IT, Operations and Management

Experience
Director of Business Development, Redacted Company, 2013-2014
- Managed and lead by example a team of qualified marketing and clinical liaisons and showed steady increase in census and market presence.

Education
Bachelors of Science in Interdisciplinary Studies, University of Houston-Downtown, 2015, Interdisciplinary Studies courses entails different areas of studies to provide a well rounded education that can be applied to many careers. Coursework included: communication, psychology, economics, and humanities. Minor in Political Science

Associate of Arts in General Studies, Houston Community College System, 2012, Houston Community College System - Honors 3.8 GPA Member of Phi Theta Kappa

General Studies, Galveston College, 2010, Galveston College Dean's list for extraordinary academic performance Photograph and article featured in Galveston county newspaper for excellent athletic performance in surfing course while earning college credits.
