Candidate 29915354

Summary
Experienced and innovative Digital Media Producer with expertise in video production, as videographer, sound recordist, editor and post-production artist. Able work autonomously or collaborate with a team to produce highest quality production standards. Passion for constantly learning, developing and sharing new video skills with colleagues.

Skills
Advanced Shooting Skills, Experienced with Video Cameras and DSLRs, Advanced Editing Skills using Adobe Premiere Pro, Expertise in Sound Recording and Sound Mixing, Ability to Bring Stories to Life with Visuals & Music, Experienced Aerial Imaging Drone Pilot, Experience with Teaching Students, Experience Directing On-camera Talent, Able to Work on Multiple Projects Simultaneously, Able to Collaborate with a Team, or Lead a Project, Able to Create Animated Titles and VFX, Proficient with Adobe Photoshop & Illustrator, Excellent Communication & Writing Skills

Experience
Digital Media Producer, Redacted Company, 2010-Present
- Produced video and audio content to the highest quality production standards to promote clients' objectives, and bring their stories to life, including content for corporate applications, web sites, education, commercials, and other applications.
- Maintained awareness of developing technologies and best practices for media production; interacted with clients, providing excellent customer service.
- Maintained library of digital assets.

Teaching Assistant / Computer Lab Technician, Redacted Company, 2009-2010
- Assisting Professor Philip Palombo, served as teaching assistant for a freshman class in video production and editing; Led discussions, screened relevant videos, and hands-on assisted them in the lab.
- Also served as the Computer Lab Tech during that time, troubleshooting problematic computers and software in use.

Education
Master of Arts in Digital Media Production/Communications, Rhode Island College, 2010, Completed Graduate Program for Media Studies, with a concentration in Digital Media Production/Art. This included video theory, video production, as well as animation and video art classes.

Animation & Adobe After Effects, Independent Study with Mentor, 2010, Private mentorship in independent study of animation and Adobe After Effects with Dennis Hlinsky of the Rhode Island School of Design.

Advanced Video Editing, Apple - NYC, 2009, Week long training course for Apple's Final Cut Pro 7 Editing Software that taught concepts beyond basic editing, such as compositing, color correction, and video compression.

Continuing Education in Video Production & Technology, Rule Boston Camera, 2008, Regular attendant monthly at Rule Boston Camera Learning Labs, staying abreast of current video technology and media production best practices since 2008.
