Candidate 14761906

Summary
Enthusiastic artists who loves both traditional art and digital art! Before moving to Richmond I spent two years working as a digital media specialist, creating brochures , video and physical colleges. Currently I'm working as a substitute for Chesterfield County Schools, my favorite subject of course being art.

Skills
Traditional fine art skills, Creative and artistic, Flexible creative approach, Strong design sense, Superb attention to detail, Time management, Traditional and digital photography, Photo enhancing, Traditional Art Media: Black and White Photography, Oil Painting, Sculpture, Print Media, Digital Art Programs: Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, Digital Animation: Maya, Flash, After Effects

Education
Bachelor of Arts in Dual Major: Art and Visual Technology & Anthropology, George Mason University, 2009, Started off as an Anthropology major with a minor in photography but soon found I loved my art classes just as much. At first glance they seem unrelated but both deal with people and expressing the human condition. While one does it through studying actions and artifacts to better understand different cultures and time periods, the other deals with feelings and views shown through art. They are different but together they are a good combination for a more rounded point of view. Course work included animation, digital as well as traditional black and white photography, web design, oil panting, sculpture, print media, art history, childhood psychology, ancient civilizations and modern culture.

Internship, Gov Trends, 2007, Maintained several politicians' personal websites, transferred data from previous websites to newly designed websites as well as updating live sites news feeds. Did analysis of key words used to increase traffic to websites using Google AdWords.Used pertinent data retrieved to verify if key words were contributing to increasing traffic to websites or not. Compiled results and presented solutions in reports for the clients. Created email lists of possible potential clients.I also did minor design projects such as letter heads and logos.Worked with clients' staff to ensure they were trained on how to maintain new sites after all the data had been transferred and organized.

Advanced Degree, West Springfield High School, 2004

Internship, Fairfax Archaeology, 2004, Compiled information about artifacts from previous digs as well as properly labeling them and storing them in bags to prepare them for storage. In the field work included measuring and marking test pits, shifting through dirt, digging test pits and keeping field data
