Candidate 12171093

Summary
Dedicated and focused Community Advocate who excels at prioritizing, completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to achieve project goals. Seeking a role of increased responsibility and authority.

Skills
Active listening skills, Time management, Courteous demeanor, Detail-oriented, Energetic work attitude, Telecommunication skills, Sharp problem solver, Adaptive team player, Strong organizational skills, Customer service expert, Flexible schedule, Filing, Professional and friendly, Careful and active listener, Multi-tasking

Experience
Community Advocate, Redacted Company, 2015-Present
- Managed daily office operations and maintenance of community and consumer relations. Offered exceptional customer service to differentiate and promote the company brand. Collaborated with customer service team members to give exceptional service throughout the entire educational and joyful experience. Balanced the needs of multiple customers simultaneously in a fast-paced retail environment. Communicated Fairplex policy violations to the leadership team in a timely manner. Offered direction and gave constructive feedback to motivate team members. Held each team member accountable for achieving brand and performance goals. Built and maintained effective relationships with peers and upper management.

Lead Human Resource Recruiter, Redacted Company, 2012-2015
- Helped customers select products that best fit their personal needs. Maintained visually appealing and effective displays for the entire office. Offered exceptional customer service to differentiate and promote the company brand. Built customer confidence by actively listening to their concerns and giving appropriate feedback. Offered direction and gave constructive feedback to motivate team members. Held each team member accountable for achieving brand and performance goals. Built and maintained effective relationships with peers and upper management.

Exhibit Creator, Redacted Company, 2008-2009
- Offered exceptional customer service to differentiate and promote the company brand. Collaborated with customer service team members to give exceptional service throughout the entire educational and joyful experience. Balanced the needs of multiple customers simultaneously in a fast-paced retail environment. Communicated Fairplex policy violations to the leadership team in a timely manner. Offered direction and gave constructive feedback to motivate team members. Held each team member

Education
Dietetics, CALPOLY Pomona, Minor in Psychology

Associate of Science in Social and Behavioral Sciences, Citrus College, 2012, Minor in Psychology

High School Diploma in General, Charter Oak High School, 2008
